If we think about it the car is better because we don't need to wait for them as we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way, the car costs more money than public transport.
By car, we can just stay by ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like. We don't need to be around people that are unwanted but if we choose public transport we could meet friends or family so both transportations are good and the cars don't need necessarily to end up with public transport.
But, even when it's true that it's the faster option, you must be very careful at the time to get off a plane.
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation you have to take a boat.
There isn't a comparison between watching the changes in the landscape through a window, enjoying the way that you are doing, and, the best part, the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days.
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable i spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer.
As I didn't find anything, I went to the place he lived and started to look for some information about his life and found people whom he cared about so as I continued to go to his house I noticed he would always go to the same house so I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfriend so I finally got an idea, I would drive him crazy just as he did with me, that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him, but soon I thought about it again and realized that if I did that she will try to help him and they will be more united, so I decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death, just as he did with me!
I screamed, and my anger dominated my mind I did not had no longer control over my actions, I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do, but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge, the best revenge.
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible, and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger, I made a desition I was going to do it if he dedicated 4 years of his life torturing me and not wanting me to be happy I would the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I won't stop until I had accomplished my goal
I graduated from the National Taiwan University of Science and Technology.
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children.
I am always simple to people.
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day.
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figure and with low-budget private cars in the picture, the scenario drastically changed in the past 10 years
At our school or village football stadium, I spend a lot of time every day.
I want to advise someone who starts this sport: "You must believe in yourself".
Hello, my friend,
You regret that you weren't there with me. I'll try to describe everything precisely because I know that you very
It was a lot of time ago, however, I still keep the rhythm in my body!
Around the city, you can find many places where people throw frigo, kitchen, " amianto ", old things or furniture.
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday, only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party; I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life.
I'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly.
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam, and it's very difficult.
technology has changed people's lives very much. We can think how different our lives respect to either our parents or our grandparent's life.  For example, my parents didn't watch on tv, because there wasn't any TV in the world when they were young. but it isn't the alone difference: we can think of the mobilefone, the computer ed at least the internet. our grandparents wouldn't imagine a strange machine like a computer in their life.
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation.
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own life.
In conclusion, investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably, public services of traveling have a bright potential and its stance in the future can't be replaceable
Are you free for the weekend, have you any plans?
If you are interested, meet me at 8 o'clock near the cinema entrance.
Jason is my friend, he is drunk and also he dance with your girlfriend.
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching The Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes, he learned how ( not ) to act in that case.
Apart from educational content, there is so much foul content, business advertisements, and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong.
First of all, you need can afford to buy it, after that, you must pay for the assurance, council tax, mechanic bills, and so on.
whereas in public transport, you only have to pay for the ticket, you don't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use, breaks down it isn't your responsibility.
The next day Huck went to Tom's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an adventure.
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking.
so he went back to Sarah's house and cleaned the whole bathroom, but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered the bathroom she said: " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom.
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand.
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on my back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair, I hated that!
I have a dog its name's Chente, it is a golden retriever.
Also, I have a brother his name is Jose Luis he is twenty years old, his personality is dynamic and funny.
My mom and my dad, are good guys.
Another thing that you must know it's how to deal with people, we are searching for someone who can impress everyone, also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service.
It is easier than you think.
Every Sunday, we do a cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves.
Whilst, we recycle inorganic rubbish too.
firstly. I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation shortly. because people want privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation.
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who traveled by public transportation. as a consequence generally, people avoid traveling by public transportation finally I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government. as a result of this consumer gets more benefits like lower fares, privacy, freedom, and safe traveling.in addition, many automobile companies launching new cars at affordable prices which insists people use more and more private vehicles.
Usually, there are generation problems, sons don't understand their parents and vice versa, but by dialoguing and listening to emotions and facts, everyone can have another point of view.
It will be very cool to see the last part Mockingjay!
In my opinion, it's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports.
he took the money the second day, finished the registration, and started writing the story after a long time spent writing, and did a good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office, he found out there was a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled, he came back very sad and told me what happened. Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake.
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot.
In my opinion, the police should stop the Vandalism.
What they will do in the future they see, like in a fog.
Secondly such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sports.
Also, they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activity.
This year's holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education.
I believe that there is no future for public transport, using trains is more convenient and low expensive and also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone, people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment, governments shall encourage the people to use the other ways for transport, this subject shall be issued in all media to learn and encourage the people to use the right way for transport.
Because we are Chinese, why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language?
Woolypools is a specialist in meals, it's a meal restaurant.
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming population, much agricultural land, forest, and ocean had been used to destroy to build more construction and transport networks.
To start with, there is a wide range of troubles that may be leading to this phenomenon.
Additionally, people now continue to destroy more agriculture and forests to satisfy all their needs, which will destroy the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species.
According to the problems above mentioned, various approaches that the government should adopt to deal with this problem. First of all, reducing building construction from now on, planting more trees instead.
Sustainable development should be aware of all humans and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals.
To sum up, this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take responsibility for that.
I made that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted, so when I heard about that opportunity I said yes.
I want to say something about learning the English Language, which is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
The first reason; the grammar that the learners, teachers, or institutes teach, is like the Spanish Languaje, my native Languaje.
What I want to say, is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verbs in the Spanish Language, just Imagine you are the same but not in your native language.
Second reason. in English syntax, the structure for construction paragraphs or sentences, the verb is written before the subject, but not always, Which is the rule?
I can recommend you to my uncle's company to do a job.
According to my age, evening activities are not a problem for me, and I played many sports during my life, such as soccer, and volleyball, ...
To sum it up I still consider having their car to be way more safe and convenient.
Even if it will have happened many people can't get a car, because it is too expensive, not only for buying but for fuel, service, and so forth.
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives, remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants.
Alongside its development, the ability to travel has eased to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another.
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism, as well as with the idea of globalization a traveler is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen.
There are countries, such as Greece or Bulgaria, in which the economy relies merely on tourism.
If tourism influences the economy, it thereby influences the environment, and if it influences the environment it influences transport. How?  People become more careful at their historical sites, thus way preserving them; Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale, in cities, in a way that will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently.
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition, although in my city there aren't a lot of competitions of this kind If I had the possibility of going, I'd already spend the tickets.
In the beginning, I went to the children and they taught me skiing.
My father took me between his knees because I could drive without falling and it was fun.
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it.
I enjoy snowboarding because you feel free when you are driving down the piste.
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect.
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or not?
I think that it all depends on the development.
yes, I agree, if you plan the traveling for a long gestation and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car because firstly you'll spend less time, your traveling will be comfortable, you'll have the possibility to stop everywhere and for a long time, as you need.
but if we are talking about traveling across your city, would you prefer public transport or a car?
I think that this is the question for everyone, and the answer can't be one for all, because, someone can use public transport, and the economy by this not only money, but and the environment, but some people don't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for traveling or they simply don't like to travel with another people.
guide the people and give them information, details, and guidelines about the pollution.
I'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurant I'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It's an excellent choice for me and My favorite appetizer is sausage and so that desert I'd rather " Vadge " cake with a chocolate sauce I feel I'm at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having lunch about the service It's very good and all staff is respectable I can't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise anyone to go there and enjoy a time there, also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene It's excellent This striking thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive.
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I am in another world, in which I can be free and happy, apart from this, when I am bad, this is a distraction from the university.
You should try to practice it is so funny, but I advertise to you, is not easy at first, but you have to intent many times like you should do in life.
On weekdays, I get out of bed at 7 in the morning to go to work which starts at 9 AM.
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice.
